there's a lot of people who want to get
rid of their imposter syndrome and the
problem is that the evidence that
they're looking at to see if they're an
impostor is actually true it shows that
they are an impostor and so you can't
ever convince yourself out of it because
the evidence supports the fact that
you're an impostor however there is this
one piece of information that when you
get it can completely destroy the whole
idea of impostor syndrome so what we're
going to do in this video is describe
what makes impostor syndrome right to
what you can see to be able to see
through imposter syndrome and three how
to integrate that awareness so that you
don't even have to worry about impostor
syndrome anymore and then finally I'll
give you an experiment that'll help you
see through impostor syndrome in your
day-to-day life so let's start off with
what makes impostor syndrome right so
here's the deal you don't know what
you're doing if you're doing anything of
consequence whatsoever you don't know
what you're doing right nobody goes into
a problem saying I know how to solve the
problem if you go in saying I know how
to solve the problem then it's not an
actual problem it's just a to-do list
then it's like washing the dishes you're
not like oh my God I have a problem I
don't know how to wash the dishes you're
like oh my God I'm just going to go wash
the dishes and so if you think you're an
imposter it's cuz you are right none
nobody who's doing anything important in
the world knows how to do it they're
figuring it out as they go they fail
many times they make mistakes many times
their companies almost go bankrupt one
of their pieces of art sucks
like no matter what there's a way in
which we don't know what we're doing or
it's not interesting to do and so that
makes us all imposters because if we
knew exactly what we were doing we would
be bored and we wouldn't be doing it and
the whole idea of an expert just means
it's somebody who has not known how to
do something for a very long period of
time and kept on trying that's what
makes them an expert it means they
failed more than everybody else it means
they've been an impostor more than
anybody else so that's what makes it so
if you are in your mind trying to
convince yourself I I am an impostor I'm
not an impostor all the evidence points
to the fact that you are I am we all are
imposters it's like saying you're at a
kindergarten and you're like oh my God
I'm a
kindergartener right like it doesn't
bother you because everybody's a
kindergarten and so there's no way
you're going to convince yourself out of
it and that's what most people are
trying to do they're sitting there
trying to convince themselves out of the
fact that they are an impostor but you
are so you can't there's information
that you can see that totally will
destroy the whole idea of imposter
syndrome is this simple question who
isn't an
imposter Elon Musk he didn't know how to
build a spaceship when he started
clearly he's still iterating on trying
to build a better spaceship right or
your favorite
writer right how many edits did they
have to do they didn't do it right the
first time so if you really let that in
for a minute let it in that everybody is
an
impostor right it's a very disconcerting
feeling and it's
disconcerting because it means that
there's nobody who knows exactly what
they're doing and we want that we really
want to feel like oh this person knows
and so if I do it this way I'm safe or
this person can tell me I'm right or
this person can tell me I'm wrong and I
I know I can be per that there's some
form of perfect that I can even get to
we all want that cuz it makes us feel
safe and secure and if you can really
see there is nothing like that there is
no perfect book there is no perfect
company there is no right way to do it
there's just the way that we are called
to do it and the things that we're
experimenting with that's all there is
then there's this kind of oh my God
because the ground falls out from
everything but there's also a complete
understanding that everybody's an
impostor so what's the
problem I remember this story which I
just really always appreciate it was a
friend of mine who had uh got thrown out
of a van and had like one of those
experience
where died and came back to life right
and and so whatever whatever creates
that but he had one of those experiences
where he saw like the light at the end
of the tunnel and he kind of walked
through the tunnel and he saw these two
people coming at him and he was thinking
to himself oh I'm I'm going to be judged
for my life now and he was like oh these
two people are going to come and judge
me and I'm going to see if I'm good
enough and when they arrived these two
people they arrived one of them looked
at him and said did you do good enough
and it was only his own judgment that
[Music]
mattered and when you realize that when
you realize we're all imposters and that
all that really matters is how we feel
like we've lived our lives in that
moment impostor syndrome just can't
matter at
all so let's get into how to integrate
this into your life so every time you're
feeling like you're an imposter what's
happening is a little bit of fear is
happening and your mind says oh I don't
know what I'm doing and somebody else
might and so the most important thing is
to just actually work with the fear now
there's two kinds of fears to think
about the first one is like fear for my
life and the other one is fear of
stepping into a bigger room right so
it's the fear that you feel like if
you're speaking in public or if you're
doing something bigger or if you're or
you're like expanding your world just a
little bit like traveling there's like
this certain kind of fear
and what that fear actually is is
excitement without the breath so if you
actually fully allow the breath and you
feel that feeling all the way it'll turn
into excitement and there's this really
cool hack that you can try every time
you're thinking oh I'm an impostor just
try this just say I'm excited 10 times
I'm excited I'm excited I'm excited I'm
excited I'm excited I'm excited just
like that 10 times I know it sounds
absolutely crazy but try it it's it it
works so well and so what you're really
doing is just allowing that fear to be
unrestricted and turn into the
excitement that's actually there and
that's a great way to integrate it
because it's not just a thought it's an
emotional
integration so if you're interested in
doing an experiment on this a good one
that you can do is just go home and
write down all the people that you
admire most make sure that there's 10 or
12 of them and then under each name
write down all the mistakes that you've
known they made
and all the ways they didn't know what
they were doing when they
started and that's it just just actually
allow yourself to feel and sit in that
experience so if you want more
information on experiments go to the
link below view. life/ experiments if
you like this content like And subscribe
and if you have anything you want us to
talk about leave it in the comments
below